It's not your neighbor who reported the crime.
Is there a murder here?
How come?
Right
I reported the case
This Foshan
Looking down at our relatives next door
I don't agree with that.
He will act arrogantly
Not only hit the water
Also served with hot pot
outrageous
Arrest me
If there is resistance
Killed on the spot
Hands up! Don't move
Are you really going to arrest me indiscriminately?
What is indiscriminate?
Isn't it true that you shot people?
As soon as you come in, this guy calls you Captain Zhou
It seems you are very familiar
Since you are familiar
You should know what he does
Who is it?
I know, so what?
You know you still defend him
It's thought-provoking.
how
You're teaching me to do things, you can understand it this way
Good, then you can go back with me later.
I will slowly teach you to understand.
Take away Captain Zhao
You can't arrest him. He's a good man
how
Do you want me to dig you in too?
He's just stopping crime.
Do you have the final say? Take it away